Food-Detection
The incorporation of automation has been one of the most scrutinized aspects of our generation. The technological outlook in every domain has led to a diversity in opinionated options for rendering one’s explications. The integration of Machine Learning has led to the transformation in the whole being of humans for optimizing diverse actions. The three R’s i.e., Recognition, Reconstruction and Reorganization has been elucidated widely in past years. With the advancement of these technologies, the complexity increases and thus processing becomes difficult, and different hardware’s are utilized for its actuation. Feasible solutions have to be revered to deteriorate the computational complexity and thus, increasing the applicability of any modus operandi in real-time. In this articulation, we have tried to analyze certain Deep Learning Models based on certain parameters affecting the processing phenomena of a particular system and utilizing the best and lightweight architecture for creating real-time Fruit & Vegetable Detection System with the integration of Calorie Counter. The Dataset induced consists of 36 Classes which helps us analyze the effect of diverse Deep Learning Structures Over Multi-Class Dataset for elucidating Classification. The results we got were phenomenal and the prowess of Deep Learning Systems was explicated.
Now, the files that we uploaded are: Fruits_Vegitable_Classification, it deals with the front end part of our work, and food-detection file deals with the backend part of our project.
